[Music]
what is your easy and fast recipe in
vacation for chic and delfino that
we have taken your recipe is a cake of
delicious vegetables with three qualities
vegetables
Here we have the step by step of the
chard vegetables cooked and well
squeezed processed cooked broccoli and
processed and here we have the spinach
cooked squeezed and also processed
let's add three eggs
and we mix
in this way integrating all abundant
grated cheese
the breadcrumbs
nutmeg salt
Pepper
a touch of sugar
we mix well all once
that is all mixed we incorporate
onion and morrón
[Music]
thanks chic and exquisite fine recipe
and already with three vegetables and do not miss
The tip we will make an omelette
potato oven and other vegetables until the
next
[Music]
cubes of boiled potatoes and add
red onion sautéed 3 eggs
salt a little pepper
[Music]
and we mix all
so we just mix it and the
We take to a baking dish
brush stroke with oil
and at 20 minutes 25 minutes when
Juan stopped the eggs that is the theme
because in fact it's all cooked we're going to
power
obtain
[Music]